1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
* 
'hello'
-87.8
- 
/ 
+	
6
A.1    ‘hello’, -87.8, 6 are values
           *, -, /, + are expressions

2. What is the difference between string and variable?
A.2. String are data that contains a sequence of letters it can hold string data only. It is enclosed within ‘ or ‘’. For eg, ‘hello’ is a string.
        Variable is name given to a stored data of a program. Using variable, we can access the data stored in the memory

3. Describe three different data types.
A.3. i) Integers – This data type is represented by int values. It can be positive or negative number. In python, integers have no limit.
        ii) Float – This data type is represented by float values. It is a number with floating point representation. It can be positive or negative.
        iii)Complex Numbers – This data type is represented by complex class. It contains a real part and imaginary part.

4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
A.4. An expression is a mixture of values, operators, variables and functions. Expression is evaluated to display a single value.

5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?
A.5. Expression can be assigned, used as operand and evaluated to a single value whereas Statements can only be declared in a program.

6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1
A.6. Bacon has value 22

7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam'
'spam' * 3
A.7 Both the expression has same output i.e ‘spamspamspam’.

8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
A.8  A variable name can start with uppercase or lowercase letters but cant start with a numeric value.
s
9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?
A.9  int() – get Integer
        Float()- get Float value
        Str() – get String

10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'
A.10. We cannot concatenate a string and an integer value so change the expression to
'I have eaten ' + ‘99’ + ' burritos.'   OR
'I have eaten ' + str(99) + ' burritos.'
