1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
A.1 i) Reduce lines of code (no duplicate code)
    ii) Short and easy to read
    iii) Code Reusabllity

2. When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called?
A.2 Function runs when it iscalled not when it is specified

3. What statement creates a function?
A.3 def keyword is used to create a function.
    def function_name (list of arguments):
        #stmts

4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?
A.4 A function is a task to be performed in order to obtain an output whereas a function call makes a call to a defined function whenever needed in a program.

5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
A.5 There is one global scope, and a local scope is created whenever a function is called.

6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
A.6 Local scope gets destroyed when the function call returns.

7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?
A.7 A return value is the value that a function gives back as a result to function call.

8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
8.A If there is no return statement for a function, its return value is None.

9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?
A.9 A global statement will force a variable in a function to refer to the global variable. If you want to refer to a global variable in a function, you can use the global keyword to declare which variables are global.

10. What is the data type of None?
A.10 The data type of None is NoneType.

11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?
A.11  That import statement imports a module named areallyourpetsnamederic.

12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?
A.12 spam.bacon()

13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?
A.13 Use try catch blocks

14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?
A.14 Code within try block is checked for errors and except block is executed is error is encountered.
